nietykalni: results, recap, updates (#1770)
tpwres/teczki-polskiego-wrestlingu: content/e/ptw/2025-07-19-ptw-nietykalni.md

* The day after, PTW announced another Polish debut: Lucy Couture from England, set to challenge [Diana Strong](@/w/diana-strong.md) for her GLAM! Championship.
* On 19.07.2025 PTW announced [Serg Sullivan](@/w/serg-sullivan.md) vs Polski Niedźwiedź.

## Card

> {% card () %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% card() %}
```

  - g: Nietykalni open the show with heel promo
- - '[Diana Strong](@/w/diana-strong.md)'
  - 'Lucy Couture'
  - c: 'GLAM! Championship Match'
- - '[Spartan](@/w/spartan.md)'
  - 'Flex Skywalker'
- - '[Sigma Boy xD](@/w/sigma-boy.md)'
  - 'Andi ZickZack'
- - 'El G'
  - 
- - '[Łukasz "Prezes" Okoński](@/w/lukasz-okonski.md)'
  - '[Alex Brave](@/w/alex-brave.md)'
  - s: Hardcore Match
    nc: upcoming

  - nc: upcoming
- - '["Starboy" Nano Lopez](@/w/nano-lopez.md)'
  - 'Daniel Razor'
  - c: '[PTW Underground Championship](@/c/ptw-underground-championship.md)'
    nc: upcoming

- - '[Serg Sullivan](@/w/serg-sullivan.md)'
  - 'Polski Niedźwiedź'
  - nc: upcoming
- - credits:
    General Manager: '[Arkadiusz Pawłowski](@/w/pan-pawlowski.md)'
    Referee: '[Sędzia Klaudiusz](@/w/sedzia-klaudiusz.md), [Sędzia Herno](@/w/sedzia-herno.md)'
    Ring Announcer: '[Krzysztof Skwarczyński](@/w/krzysztof-skwarczynski.md)'
    Commentary: 'Adam Goldschmidt, Krystian "Resivny" Smoleń'
{% end %}

## Recap:

* The show starts with new "PTW Anthem" by fairly unknown rapper Buntownik (eng. Rebel)

> * In opening promo by Nietykalni, Pawłowski rambled on about Nietykalni's achievement, berating Okoński and referees. Pawłowski additional PTW show for next Sunday (27.06), including meet'n'greet and appearance by AEW TBS Champion and AEW Women's World Champion, Mercedes Moné. The show's name was not revealed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In an opening promo by Nietykalni, Pawłowski rambled on about their achievements, berating Okoński and PTW's referees. He announced an additional PTW show for the next Sunday (27.07), including an appearance by AEW TBS Champion and AEW Women's World Champion, Mercedes Moné, with meet'n'greet. The show's name was not revealed.
```

Reviewer 2: Wprowadzone (w większości).
